rename ctes to standards (#85)
fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_fivetran_log v1.0.1

## Bugfix:

> - Update staging models to current standard used in our other packages (the base, fields, final approach) ([PR #85](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/pull/85))
> - Rename CTEs in staging models to avoid potential circular references ([PR #85](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/pull/85))

Reviewer: I think these two can be combined into a single entry. 

```suggestion
- Update staging models CTE names to current standard used in our other packages (the base, fields, final approach) to avoid potential circular references ([PR #85](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_fivetran_log/pull/85))
```
